I saw that you’ve written a few posts around phone apps and I thought you might find one that I created entertaining.  The app is called Insecurity and it takes a selfie of anybody who tries to unlock your phone, resulting in some pretty funny photos.

I’d be really excited if you would want to to create a post featuring it!  

I’ve attached a write-up that you could copy/paste or tweak however you see fit.  

If you’re interested or need any more info, I’m happy to help!

Thanks,
Alan Scarpa

——— ——— 
Link to app: https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1022192195?mt=8

This App Takes A Selfie Of Anybody Who Tries To Unlock Your Phone
Catch Phone Snoopers Red Handed!

Have you ever wondered if your boyfriend or girlfriend is snooping through your phone when you get up to go to the bathroom?  Do you think in your head, "I trust her.  I can leave my phone on the table right there.  She won't look through it"?  But then once you leave, you realize you don't trust that person as much as you think you did and it would be terrible to have to explain that the girl Annie really is just a friend from work?

1-out-of-3 people admit to secretly going through other people's phones – scrolling through text messages, photos, and emails. The solution to this 20th century problem is here and it is in the form of an iPhone app called, Insecurity.  Insecurity puts a stop to people going through your phone by taking a picture of the snooper and sounding an alarm the instant they unlock your phone.

This is how it works:

1)  You download the app and press the "Set Trap" button.
2)  You lock your phone and place it somewhere you know your curious friend won't be able to resist.
3)  Once they unlock your phone, it will take one of those terrible, wasn't expecitng that, selfies.  And it will also play a LOUD alarm sound.

And that's it!  Not only will you get the satisfaction of knowing that you were right - she can't be trusted, but you also get sweet justice in the form of a terribly embarrassing selfie which you can now share all over the internet.  Check out some of these amazingly bad photos below:
http://imgur.com/a/nLbo3